(chiming music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(electric zapping)
(hip hop music)
* Yo lock
* Hey
* Kill this shit
* Big dreams small nigga
* He talking money
* I aint fall with it
* He's with the clerk
and I'm balling with ya *
* He could be the boss or
you could play the victim *
* Try to tell my story
* They aint wanna listen
* Paint my self the boss *
And I aint paying attention *
* Hey. sinned so many times
* God know we are tripping
* But I always get to tapping
that's the difference *
* Small nigga big dreams
* How you love that
* Still getting out the money
* I aint about that
* You wonder how move
and how I moving *
* Had the fuck that
* Best friend turn
stranger watchu call that *
* Come and show me emotions
not just keep that in motion *
* I don't hold no hate *
'cause I gotta remain focused *
* If she there
we'll be smoking *
* Making pancakes
out of toasters *
* The way I'll be flexing
* Think nigga buy
the groceries *
* Big downstairs
* Gotta say but you know
it * Powers in the hand *
* I had the stairs
'cause you was stalling *
* Finessing is blessing
* Thank God and now we chosen
* The weapons formed
against me shall prosper *
* It's time to go in
* Cover wear is no where
* Paying nigga Sunday
* Shit that go crazy
* You can't even
trust your man *
* Your bitch think I'm waving
* I would think she just a fan
* I swear this life amazing
* If you make yourself a plan
* Big dreams small nigga
* If he aint talking money
* I aint fall with it
* Me is with club
can I ball with you *
* You could be the boss or
you could play the victim *
(Brandon heaving)
- You look like
you could use this.
(upbeat music)
(Brandon heaving)
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- Brandon.
- Lexi.
* Times gone and
you're tripping *
* But always got the confidence
that's the difference *
(phone rings)
(upbeat music)
- Hello?
- Hello. Brandon?
My name Maurice Thompson.
and I believe you're my brother.
(peaceful piano music)
(suspenseful music)
- Open your mouth
for me. please.
* Nigga I aint gonna lie
* I'm just trying to get
my piece of the pie *
* Grind ride till I die
* Ready to lean I'm
just tryna stay alive *
* Getting included in the
Open your mouth for me. please.
* She know I'm gonna try
* Give me dope then I
can't tell you why *
* Even if I fail *
Keep my head to the sky *
* And I aint gonna lie
* I'm just trying to get
my piece of the pie *
* Huh. grind till I die
* Wait until then * I
was trying to stay alive *
* Curtain clothes in
the fat * Baby say I *
* Nothing else you know
* I gotta try
* Even though then I
can't tell you why *
* And even of I fail
keep my head to the sky *
* I turned my life around
* I'm on a whole
white collar now *
* But it wasn't too
long I was gone *
* With the old white forces
* I had the orange jumpsuit on
* You gotta think
for yourself. homie *
* 'Cause the greed
wouldn't lead you home *
* I cut ties with them guys
- So I spoke with the lab tech.
and he says since we chose
to expedite everything.
and do the same day testing.
we should have the results
by the end of the day.
- Cool.
I appreciate you doing
this. man. seriously.
- It's no problem.
It's no problem at all.
So you hungry?
- What?
I'm always hungry.
Can you hear my
stomach growling.
- Ah. man. see you might
not even need no test.
You already sound like
my brother for real.
- (chuckles) Yeah. word. man.
What are we tryna get.
- Look man. I got just
the thing in mind. man.
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
Now. this snack is good.
- Actually I have
my chefs set a side
some signatures for us.
- You got a personal chef?
- Mm-hmm.
- Must be nice.
- I mean. I guess the
only real reason I got one
is so I wouldn't overindulge.
I used to be overweight.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Looking at you. man. I
could have never guessed that.
- That comes from a bunch
of hard work. dedication.
and push aways?
- Push aways?
- You know. when you got a
table full of unhealthy food.
and you just gotta
push that shit away.
- (laughs) Thanks. I know
what you mean. (chuckles)
- Yeah. man. but I used to
have high blood pressure.
prediabetes. you know. the
list just goes on and on. man.
My doctor said that if I
didn't change my eating habits
then I wouldn't even make
it to see my 30th birthday.
- Wow.
- Yeah. man. that scared
the hell out of me.
So I started doing research
on the best schools
for my body type
and my blood type.
Started working out
and eating healthier.
hence why I have
a personal chef.
Here I am today.
- And here you are.
Well. I must say I'm
glad you made a decision
to change your life. bro.
because if you didn't.
you may not be here.
and I wouldn't have
the opportunity to meet
and get to know you.
My brother.
(mellow piano music)
- Hey.
- Oh. hey. Ms. Thing.
Okay. so that man of yours
must be doing something right.
because you were
smiling from ear to ear.
- You know. I could just
be happy to be alive.
- That could be
it. but it's not.
so are you going
to spill the tea?
- You're so stupid.
- So you're not gonna
tell me what's going on?
You're not gonna tell
me how it's going?
- (scoffs) I mean.
it's a wonderful.
(both giggling)
Like he's so intelligent.
and ambitious.
and he is sexy as hell.
like I can't stop smiling.
- I see.
(both chuckling)
- Like I just. I dunno. I
love the way I feel with him.
You know?
Like I feel wanted. and needed.
and he's changed my
perspective on things.
and I see things differently.
like I'm actually happy.
You know. I think I'm gonna
try and keep this one.
- Sounds like you should.
- (chuckles) All Right.
so how are you doing.
what's going on in your life?
- Girl. nothing new.
Same old. same old. work. home.
- So nothing new or
exciting in your life?
(peaceful music)
- No. nothing new.
nothing at all.
- Okay.
- Look. I am sorry
my life is so boring.
That's why I have you.
so I can life
carelessly through you.
So tell me more about
this fine man. mh.
- Okay. so last night he
did the same on his tongue.
- Ooh. girl.
Wait a minute.
(peaceful music)
- How'd you find me?
I know this might sound silly.
Being that we're
all up in my house.
and we're practically strangers.
I realize I probably
shoulda asked you
that a bit sooner.
but I was just so shocked.
But seriously though
what made you find me?
- I grew up in a
foster care system.
Never knew who my parents were.
I would go to school
and see my classmates
and their siblings
and I will always wondered
what it would be like
to have a brother or sister.
to have somebody who maybe
look like me. you know.
to share the same genetics.
I always feel so
alone in this world.
so one day I got
tired of that feeling.
I did some digging. bro.
and that's when I finally found
my birth father's real name.
our father. Clifford Montgomery.
and that's how I found you.
- I see.
- I mean. I wasn't gonna
reach out at first.
I know how crazy it seems
some random claiming
to be your brother and all.
The thoughts and assumptions
to which you may have been
thinking begin to cloud my mind.
like what do you want?
Clout. money. an organ 'cause
he's sick or something?
Nah. it's my yearning.
My yearning to
connect with somebody
who share the same bloodline
as me overpowered all
of that fear.
and that's when I decided to
reach out and contact you.
- Well. I'm glad you did.
- Yeah. I'm glad I did too.
(mellow piano music)
- All right girl.
I'ma call you later.
- All right you better.
- (chuckles) I will.
- I'm gonna own one on you here.
(mellow piano music)
- So do you have
a last name. Lexi?
- It's just Lexi.
- Well. mine's Montgomery.
- Nice to meet you.
Brandon Montgomery.
(mellow piano music)
- So I still can't
get a last name. huh?
(mellow piano music)
- So what was he like...
growing up with
him as your father?
- You know. that
loneliness that you spoke
of being in the system?
I experienced that
loneliness every single day.
that man was alive.
That man cared way more about
his company than he did me.
especially after my mom
died when I was two.
She has lupus.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
- Yeah. man.
I just feel like
after my mom died.
he just didn't know
how to love anymore.
He didn't know how
to love anymore.
and you just use that company
as a way to mask the pain
that he was going through.
And instead of me understanding
what my dad was going through.
it made me resent him.
him and that company.
You know that's why I sold it.
I got rid of it as
soon as I could.
I just wanted to get
rid of the very thing
that ruined my family.
The very thing that
made me feel so alone.
- Damn. this whole time we
were sharing the same feelings
of loneliness and abandonment.
I wonder what else
we have in common.
(phone rings)
- Just a second.
Hello?
Okay. thank you.
Well. hopefully we get
a chance to find out.
results are in.
(suspenseful music)
- [Man] Question. how
much longer do you think
you can keep going on like this?
You call yourself brother.
but in both sense
isn't accountable.
but you're only doing this.
so you can let the
hot wax burn you all
over your arm and wrist.
- Well. I guess I'll
see you tomorrow...
brother.
- (chuckles) Looking
forward to it.
Brother.
- Yeah. me too.
(suspenseful music)
(sighs) You son of a bitch.
At least one good thing
came from all of this.
(upbeat music)
- Well. hello.
Wait. what was your name again?
(Brandon laughs)
I'm just kidding.
Brandon Montgomery.
- I was hoping
I'd see you again.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Why?
- Well. you see
it's just something
that I didn't get from
you last time that we met.
and I just can't get past it.
- And you're still not
getting my last name.
- (chuckles) You're funny.
and it's not what
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about
your phone number.
- Huh. oh really?
- Mm-hmm.
I was laying down at
night in the bed thinking.
"Wow. what if I
never see her again?
How do I get in
contact with her?"
One of my biggest
mistakes was not getting
your phone number.
- Well. let's fix that.
Give me your phone.
There you go.
Now there's no excuse.
- Okay Lexi. no last name?
- Cute.
- I can be.
I'll be calling you.
- Okay.
Hey. do you think you can
help me out with something?
I'm a little tight.
I just needed some
help stretching.
- Off course. it'd
be my pleasure.
- Well. thank you.
(mellow guitar music)
Pull harder.
Yeah.
- Feel good?
- Yeah.
* Keeping me going
and till the morning *
* I could watch you leave
* Then I could
put you to sleep *
* And I'd watch you breath
* Slow mama
* My name is Cash
* I just want you to
do a favor for me *
* It's real simple
* Just don't get up my nympho
* I'm ready to lay you down
* So can I get your info
* So you cracked a smile
* So you know I'm
not backing down *
* Not now. nope.
* Cash is this. Cash is that
* So come on and
show Cash your cat *
* Hope your ass is fat
* I don't like tell a
problem I might bite you *
* When I'm behind you
(groans) Pull it harder. *
- Harder?
- (groans) Yeah.
- Oh. you can go
harder I can take it.
* You got me feeling for you
* I just can't
leave you for now *
My legs are still
a little bit tight.
- Let's work on that.
* Damn babe. get on
your on you knees *
* And bring your head to me
* I wanna video tape you
* Taking it in the face
* So I can smoke at you while
* You cringing and
making your little face *
* Doing your little dance
* And shaking your
little waist *
* I told when I picture
lady when I picture lady *
* Then I'm nympho
* I wanna freak you lady
* Then you telling
all your friends *
* That I keep it crazy
when I laid your ass down *
* Like sleepy baby
* Yeah. you got me
feeling for you *
* I just can't leave you now
* You got me feeling for you
* Feeling for you
* There's no one
else I'll rather *
Feel good?
- Yeah. but what else you got?
(hip hop music)
* I don't wanna
* Shawty so bad *
She got no manager *
* She got no manager
* I'm riding her fast
* I get to profit
* I'm dressing on satin
* I don't need no styling
* So come a little fast
* Like I'm no call *
* I'm on a call
* I'm on a coup
* Shawty so bad
* And she got no manager
* Running her fast *
* I get to profit
* I'm dressing in satin
* I don't need no styling
* So I'm coming on fast
* Like I'm a coup *
* I'm on coup
* I'm coup
* I'm a coup. I'm on both
* Put your picture in
* We need no mistletoe
* She gon' kiss it *
* Give me dope
* I won't know
but I won't fall *
* Now it deuces are we
* Can owe it in
* Now we getting on the boat
* You know what I mean
* I awaken up and then
* I'll tell my dream
* I would split
it in the table *
* With my teeth *
And it will buzz in *
* And then I hit
it in the steam *
* I gotta speak
this crazy looking *
(door closes)
- I hope that helped you out.
- Yeah. I'm definitely feeling.
a good stretch.
Well. I'll see you around.
- Yeah. count on it.
- Davenport.
- Huh?
- My last name is Davenport.
- Hm. until next
time. Lexi Davenport.
* Shawty so mean
* And she aint got no manager
* And she got no manager
* I'm running her fast
* I get to profit
* I'm dressing her in salad
* I don't need to style it
* I coming on fast
* Like I'm a go. go
* I'm on the go. go
* Shawty so bad and
she got no manager *
* And she got no manager
* I'm running her fast
* I get to profit
* I'm dressing her in salad
* I don't need to style
* I calling her fast *
Like I'm gonna go. go *
* I'm gonna go. go
* I'm gonna go. finesse
(upbeat music)
(phone chimes)
- Hey babe.
- What's up sweetheart.
- So how was your run?
- Ah. it was pretty good.
but you're needed.
- Yeah. I bet after finding out
you have a long lost brother.
I'm sure it's like extra stress.
you know what I mean?
- And surprisingly not really.
You know I grew up always
wanting a brother or sister.
and it's like 30 years
later dream come like.
- Well. I can tell you
growing up with three brothers
and two sisters. yeah.
it's no walk in a park.
You always have to
share everything.
and you never get any privacy.
and then if one
person does something
everybody gets blamed for it.
Yeah. I'd rather
be an only child.
- (chuckles) Well. I hear you.
but I think it's all a matter
of perspective. you know?
'Cause you gotta think about it.
when I'm loosing my mom.
and the way my father was.
- Oh God baby. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
be insensitive. or-
- Oh no. baby no.
I'm thankful to have
you and then my brother.
(Alicia chuckles)
(phone rings)
Oh. speaking of.
Hello?
- Whadup bro?
I wanna see what you had going
on later on this evening.
- Nothing really.
Why. what's up?
- I wanted to see if you
wanted to come have dinner
with me and the wife.
- Yeah. sure. I'll
bring my girl.
- Perfect. it's a double date.
- Yeah. I guess it is.
- Cool.
Well. I'll send you the
address and I see you later.
- Aight. you bet.
Well. babe. it looks like you
and I are going to have dinner
with my brother and his wife.
(Alicia chuckles)
Double date.
- Sounds good.
but I think you might
wanna hop in that shower.
or you're gonna stink.
- Oh. I stink?
- Mm-hmm.
I stink?
- Yeah.
- Well. then you
love my stinking ass.
So I'll make a deal with you.
- Mm-hmm.
- How about you get
in the shower with me.
- Yeah. no I already
took a shower.
- There's nothing wrong
with being. clean. clean.
- (laughs) Stop.
No. no. no. for real. you
know. I got stuff to do.
It's my day off. so I need to.
yeah. plus I need to go
get clothes for tonight.
- You know I'll get
cold in the shower.
(Alicia laughs)
- I'm going to
meet your brother.
and I need something to wear.
- Okay. go.
- I take you wanna jerk off?
- Definitely.
I can't help but (mumbles).
All right.
(phone chimes)
(upbeat music)
* I can't get her
out of my mind *
* I think about
her all the time *
* I be on the road
* Trying to get the money
* I aint thinking
about the whores *
* And every time I do a show
* I got plenty women trying to
make me put my clothes off *
* But I got you on my mind
* And the way you
throw it back *
* Yeah. I see it every time
* Tell me how to
make your body drip *
* I just shoot my shot
* Then I bet I won't miss
* And come and bring it here
* I'ma do it like a man
* Hurry with the bod
* Let me show you again
* You aint gotta take it on
* You can do what you can do
* Thinking like a champ
* Baby girl that's your anthem
* We can never take a loss
* Tell her I'm the man *
* She say baby you the
boss * Just throw it up *
* I catch it
* 84. grandy more so
* I'ma run it back
* And you I aint gonna stop
* I can't get her
out of my mind *
* I think about
her all the time *
* I think about her
* I can't get her
out of my mind *
(door unlocks)
- Hey. come on in.
- Hey.
There he is.
- Yeah. how y'all doing?
What's going on. bro?
- I'm good. bro.
I' good.
- Good to see you.
good to see you.
- You too. you too.
- Maurice. this is my
girlfriend. Alicia.
(Alicia chuckles)
Alicia. this is my
brother. Maurice.
I've gotta really get
used to saying that.
- Yeah. same here. bro.
It's nice to meet you.
- Oh. same here.
I swear in the last 24 hours.
I've heard so much about you.
Well. I mean. what
he knows so far.
- Don't worry about it.
We have plenty of time to
know more about each other.
- Yeah. absolutely.
(tense music)
- Oh. here she is guys.
(suspense music)
My beautiful wife.
- Oh. look at. Lexi.
- Alicia. great.
(both giggling)
Girl. what are you doing here?
- Well. apparently your
man is my man's brother.
- Oh wow. that is crazy.
- I know. right?
The first time I actually
get to meet your husband.
it turns out he's the long
lost brother of my boyfriend.
I mean. some small
world. isn't it?
- Small world indeed.
(suspenseful music)
- [Marcus] So how do
you two know each other?
- Okay. well Lexi and I used
to go to high school together.
back in Buford.
- Yeah.
- And by then you
went by Jennifer.
and then now she goes by Lexi.
- I told her I started
going by my middle name.
- Oh. well we lost touch
after. you know. graduation.
but we ran into each other in
Augusta Lake a few months ago.
- Yeah. it was so crazy.
We got a chance to catch on up.
Told her I had gotten married.
and I was looking forward to
her meeting my lovely husband.
- Yeah. who I finally get to
meet tonight of all nights.
I mean the same night that my
boyfriend here gets invited
to dinner by his brother.
- Wow. she's truly uncanny.
- Yes. it is.
- I wonder what other
connections we all have?
- Yeah. me too.
- Yeah bro. which
way to the bathroom?
- Oh. it's on down
the hall to the left.
- Okay. thanks.
I'll be right back.
- Yeah. it's just
this whole universe.
It's so crazy.
like it was all
tripping off of this.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. yeah.
It's obviously destined
that all of us being
together like this.
it was meant to be.
- I agree.
and you know what?
I think that calls for a toast.
- Drinking before for dinner?
- We're all grown. aren't we?
(Maurice scoffs)
Okay. let me go grab a bottle.
and I can check on dinner
while I'm in there. okay?
- Okay.
So what is it that
you do for a living?
- Oh. I just manage
a call center.
- Oh. interesting.
- No. it's not.
- Yeah. (chuckles)
- Now. well. what do you do?
- You know. I dabbled a
bit in investment banking.
- Oh my God. really. that's
actually interesting.
like I've always been
interested in stocks.
and bonds. and trading.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. if you're
interested I'd be glad
to show you and you know.
Brandon how it all works.
- Oh. that'd be great.
(fridge door opens)
- So what's up with that.
"Oh. my name is
Davenport bullshit?"
- It was my mother's
maiden name.
I like to use it
from time to time.
- Hmm.
So when were you gonna tell
me that you were married?
When you were done fucking me?
- And when were you gonna
tell me you had a girl?
And I'm pretty sure you were
the one that was fucking me.
- Look girls. that's my brother.
- And that's my best friend.
- I will end things with her.
- Why would you do that?
- Why not?
- Listen. I wouldn't
ask you to do something
that I'm not willing to do.
I'm not leaving my
husband right now.
- Look. we got this
connection. okay.
I wanna be with you.
- I feel the same way.
- Look. let's meet
up tonight. okay.
I'm gonna drop Alicia off.
and I'm gonna get us a room.
- Are you sure?
- Okay. ever since we
made that connection.
I've never been more sure.
- Everything okay over here?
- Yes. perfect.
- Oh yeah. I was
leaving the bathroom.
and it was smelling
so good in here.
I wanted to you know. come
and see what was baking
in that oven in person.
- Oh. thanks. (chuckles)
- Yeah. my baby know what
she doing. don't she?
- Yeah. I see.
- Babe. why don't you
take the bottle in.
and I'll bring the glass. okay?
- Cool.
- I'll be right there.
- So tonight?
(upbeat music)
- You're heading out?
- Yeah. I'll be gone not long.
just about an hour.
- Cool.
Be safe out there.
- I will.
(upbeat music)
(Lexi knocks)
- Hey.
* I'm gonna with you
* I'm gonna go with you
* I wanna save
from all that you *
* It was like this world sent
drugs * So I'm an addict *
* I'm addicted to you
* I'm same place
* On my way to you
* It's like this world stay on
drugs * So I'm an addict *
* I'm addicted to you
* I'm addicted
* To you. ooh
* It's the middle of the night
* And all I'm thinking about
* Is how I'm gonna
* How I'm gonna put it down
* Tap. tap on my veins
* You're like heroine going
going through my veins *
* I'm sinning
* I'm needing
* I needing more over you
* I need it
* Can't quit it
* I wanna get freaky with you
* You got me feeling
something something *
* I aint feel
* I'm trying to make
my way over to you *
* What's the deal
- Everything good?
- Yeah. perfect.
- Good night.
- Good night baby.
(violin music)
(egg sizzles)
- Good morning. babe.
- Morning.
How did you sleep?
- I slept good.
How about yourself?
- Like a baby.
- I took a glimpse
at you last night.
You were so peaceful.
- I am at peace
about everything.
- Glad to hear that.
- So what are you up to today?
- Probably a little bit of work.
I'll hala at Brandon later.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
You?
- Well. more of it's like bored.
Let me finish up your egg and
bring up your plate. okay.
- Thanks babe.
- Hey babe. it's me.
(phone chimes)
what?
(door unlocks)
Hi.
- Hey. what's up. baby?
Whatchu doing here?
- I just came by to.
you know. check on you
before work and make
sure everything's good.
- Hmm. yeah. yeah.
I appreciate that.
So how was the
rest of your night?
- I mean. it was okay.
Could have been better if
you know. somebody came over
and cuddled with me.
- Yeah.
Yeah again. I'm
sorry about that.
I'm sorry if I had you worried.
I actually fell
asleep on the couch.
reading a book and
my phone was in here.
- You know. speaking
of last night.
what do you think about.
you know. Maurice?
I think he's really.
really nice. you know?
Oh. he knows a lot about
investments and trading.
and hey. maybe that's
something we should look into.
- We?
- Yeah. I mean. we are
planning to spend the rest
of our lives together.
so we should start posing
that generational wealth.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. of course.
- Yeah. and Lexi. I mean.
I think she's really nice.
What do you think about her?
- What about her?
- I mean last night was the
first night you met. right?
- Yeah.
- So what do you think?
Do you think she's
got a good vibe?
You think she's smart?
You think she's pretty?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. I mean.
where are all of
this coming from?
- I was just asking
you a question.
- Okay. well. it kinda
sounds like you're giving me
the third degree.
- No. look. I know we're
gonna be spending a lot
of time with Maurice and Lexi.
I just wanna make sure
that everything is good.
that we have a good vibe.
that it's good.
- Yeah. mm-hmm. sure.
(phone chimes)
Speaking of Maurice
probably wanna get up later.
- Oh cool.
- Yeah. I forgot.
I need to finish
up in the bathroom.
so I'll see you later.
have a good day.
- Yeah. you too.
(door closes)
Bye.
(Brandon chuckles)
(phone chimes)
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
* I say my drip all different
* Yeah. she like my pimping
* Yeah. I did it.
yeah I dit it *
* Yeah. I fucking did it
* It's either is
you with it or not *
* It's like you
hit the jackpot *
* You see my stash spot
* Running to the money
* Fuck a hash caught
* Aint no pissed out
* Flash lane in the
(phone vibrates)
* Balling like I'm Colleon
* I don't need assistance
* Yeah. I hit that lick
and now I got a brick *
* Why you need a hater.
man. I did my shit *
* I just did this shit
from a little hit *
* Why you hating on me
* Guess that nigga a bitch
guess that nigga a bitch *
* Walking on down inside
don't try to looking *
* Inside the pee hole *
All night we was in the bed *
* Don't touch the bag
* Most these niggas
falling over *
* See me it's my season
* This flavor is
gonna last forever *
* 'Cause I got the seasoning
* This rap shit got me pissed
* Don't got anything
* I don't believe in them
* Probably had to washing
* Hustle mornings
and the evening *
* The money in the way
I told these niggas *
- Wait. what was
your maiden name?
Jenkins.
Johnston.
Jennifer Johnston.
Damn.
Oh. hey Tracey. can
you come here a second?
- What's up?
- Hey. I have a question.
Would you be
suspicious of someone
if they didn't have any
social media presence?
- I mean. not necessarily.
- Really?
Girl. in this day
and age everybody has
like some form of social media.
like heck. some of
the jobs require it.
- What's your point. Alicia?
- Okay. so look.
so I've been you know.
catching up with his old friend
from high school.
and it turns out
that her husband is my
man's long lost brother.
- Talk about coincidence.
- Right. that's what
I thought at first.
but then I don't know.
There's something weird.
like some kind of vibe going
on between her and Brandon.
and like. I'm just trying
to do my due diligence.
and she's not on Facebook.
She's not on Twitter.
or Instagram.
or in Snapchat.
like she aint even got TikTok.
- I mean. some people just
don't like their personal
information out there like that.
- Yeah. but usually
those people are trying
to hide something.
- Okay. it's like they say.
if you go search
off for something.
you may find something.
and you might not
like what you find.
My advice. if it doesn't
impact you personally
just leave it alone.
- Yeah. but I think it might.
- Well. be careful girl.
- (chuckles) Oh. thanks.
- You're welcome.
- You are so helpful.
- I know it.
(Alicia laughs)
(Maurice knocks)
- What's good?
- Not much. bro.
What's good with you?
Yeah man. so what's
good with you?
- The question is. what's
good for the both of us?
- Hm?
I don't follow.
- Well. Alicia told me
that you're interested
in some investment baking.
- I mean. it's some
shit I dabble in.
What's up?
- Okay well. I've been looking
to invest the money
into something.
so I think we should chop it up.
- Are you sure?
I mean. we're just getting
to know each other.
- Listen. what I know is that
you're my brother. all right?
- And what better
person to trust
with my money than my own blood.
- True.
Man. I just found you.
I mean. I don't want nothing.
or no one to come in between us.
- It won't. trust me.
- You were quite the achiever
back in the day I see.
- Hmm. yeah.
Yeah. I guess you
could say that.
I used to work extra hard to try
and get our father's attention.
Hoping to impress him.
make him proud.
to make him actually
wanna spend some time
with me. you know?
- I bet the girls didn't
mind spending the time
with you though. huh?
- Let's just say
that when it came
to being an overachiever
it definitely didn't hurt
when it came to
getting the girls.
I think you know what I mean?
- (chuckles) I feel you.
Lexi. really enjoy having
you guys over last night.
She out going on and on about
how good a time she had.
and how she enjoyed you guys'
company. especially yours.
- Well. I definitely enjoy
getting to know her too.
You know this whole situation.
and I not only got a brother.
but a sister too.
- Yeah. a sister.
- Mm-hmm.
- She really took a
liking to you though.
You know it's funny
because Lexi really
has a hard time
letting anybody in.
- Well. I guess I just
have a way with people.
- I see.
(phone rings)
- I need to take this.
- Oh. do your thing.
- Hello.
I'm doing good.
How about yourself?
Awesome.
So did you handle what I
asked you to take care of?
Okay.
All right.
Perfect.
Okay.
(suspenseful music)
All right. I really
appreciate it then.
I'll talk to you later.
All right. thanks again.
Sorry about that.
I had to make sure
that something was
getting taken care of.
- That's cool.
What's this?
- Oh. that's just a rock
that I found in Costa Rico
while I was hiking.
I kept it as a souvenir.
- Nice.
- So don't you wanna know
what that was all about?
- Not really. I mean.
it's your business.
- Well. actually it
was our business.
- I don't follow.
- Mm-hmm.
I set up a bank account for
you with half of the money
from our father's company.
- Brandon. man. you
ain't got to do that.
- I know.
I wanted to.
- I don't know what to say.
- You don't have
the say anything.
- Wow!
- I mean. it was our
father's company.
so half of that money
was yours anyway.
besides what's mine is yours.
and what's yours is mine. right?
- Right.
(upbeat music)
Hey man. thanks again. bro.
I really appreciate you.
- Not as much as
I appreciate you.
brother.
- Cool bro.
All right. catch you later. man.
- Yeah. make sure you do.
- [Maurice] All tight. stay up.
(upbeat music)
* Ooh. it's a quarter past two
* And thinking I'm needing
* I'm missing you
* And ooh watch me while I
* Watch me while I work. work
* Watch me while I I say ooh
* Watch me while I
* I'm going down
* Heels on while Yonce playing
* I don't care
(phone vibrates)
* I don't care if
this takes all night *
* Heels on while Yonce playing
* I don't care.
I. I don't care *
* I don't care if
this takes all night *
* I don't care
* If this takes all night
* I don't care if
this takes all night *
(Lexi knocks)
- You know. this is a
dangerous game we're playing.
- Yeah. it is.
Minus spending out
doing our thing.
(upbeat music)
(Lexi moans)
(upbeat music continues)
- [Woman] I been
calling you all day.
and you can't answer the phone.
but you posting on
the gram and shit.
like really. what the fuck.
so that's what we doing?
* I don't wanna fight
today. not today *
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make love
* Fucking all our
problems away. all away *
* Let's forget about our past
* And not think
about yesterday *
* You looking right
today. looking right *
* You don't need no man
* Baby let's just make up
* I don't wanna fight
today. not today *
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make love
* It's 3 a.m when I pull
up at the penthouse *
* Bagging up this money
y'all around the town *
* She had a t-shirt
and panties *
* And her phone on the couch
* Attitude real rude
* Asking about my whereabouts
* I see you when you feel it
* About some shit you hearing
* Them post on the gram
* Rumors of other women
* I'm not a vegan but
beefing is not the mission *
* You're all I need and
there was no competition *
* No competition
* You still tripping
* I'm listening while
I pull your clothes *
* Kissing your curves.
baby. just let it go *
* Slide the panties
off your hips *
* Sweep my fingertips
* Be breathing deep when that
P start to catch a drip *
* Throw them legs up
* In a peace sign *
* In a peace sigh
* I slide this dick
inside your feline *
* And serve my queen on this
royalty. on this royalty *
* I'm not sure about this
this love and this loyalty *
* I don't wanna fight today
* Not today
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make up
* Fucking all our
problems away. all away *
* Let's forget about our past
* And think about yesterday
* You looking ripe today
* You don't need no make up
* Baby. let's just make up
* I don't wanna fight
today. not today *
* As soon we wake up
* Baby let's just make up
* I wake her up with some head
* Call it breakfast in bed
* I aint bacon in the air
* Just some fucking instead
* You woke up saying
* Baby I'm cumming
* Then I hold her tight
* So there aint no running
* She love it from back
* No frontin'. yeah
* See my prick and she know
* What a nigga go hunting
* Aint no fussing
* Just a whole lot of licking
* Touching. kissing.
rubbing. sticking. sucking *
* Attention to detail I
aint missing nothing *
* Kissing what I'm missing
* And it's every
word I see. I see *
* Even when you're not there
* You'll be everywhere with me
* Goodman all the time
* You can't see
* Post with that forever
so and then I can't see *
* Apologies for the shit I
said that I didn't mean *
* Sucking on that pussy
* Baby you keep it so clean
* Let me help you
get that nutting *
* You know we work as a team
* I don't wanna fight today
* Not today
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make up
* Fucking all our
problems away. all away *
* Let's forget about our past
* And then think
about yesterday *
* You looking right today
* Looking right
* You don't need no make up
* Baby. let's just make up
* I don't wanna fight
today. not today *
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make up
* I don't wanna fight
today. not today *
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's make up
* Fucking all your
problems away *
* All way
* Let's forget about our past
* And don't think
about yesterday *
* You looking right
today. looking right *
* You don't need no make up
* Baby let's just make up
* I don't wanna fight today
* Not today
* As soon as you wake up
* Baby let's just make up
(upbeat music)
- Alicia?
Hi.
- Hi Maurice.
- What's good?
Absolutely. come on in.
- Oh. thank you.
Sorry to drop by
on you like this.
but is Lexi home?
- No.
Why. what's up?
- I just. all right. I
know this is gonna sound
like bullshit and.
you know when I say it out loud.
it does sound a little crazy.
- Alicia. what's
going on with you?
- Okay. so it's not
what's going on with me.
It's what's going on with
your wife and my boyfriend.
- Huh?
- Don't you think
something's going on
between Brandon and Lexi?
- What?
- I mean just every
time they get together.
I get this weird vibe.
and my instincts are telling
me that something's wrong.
- Okay. look. look. look.
Alicia. I know we've known
each other for a short time.
but trust me when I tell
you there's nothing going
on between Lexi and Brandon.
He really loves you.
He'll never do anything
like that to hurt you.
Besides she knows that
she does that to me again.
I leave her for good.
- Wait. does what again?
- If she cheats.
She stepped on our
marriage before.
but it was a long time ago.
and she promised you and
they will do it again.
Plus the way your
Brandon looks at you.
the way he talks about you.
I can tell he had
never do anything to
hurt or betrayed you.
So you gotta trust
me when I tell you
there is nothing going on
between Brandon and Lexi.
there's nothing going on. okay?
And if it makes you
feel any better.
I can keep a close eye
on him for you. okay?
- Thanks.
- Cool.
Oh. I don't know if you knew.
but today my birthday.
- Oh my gosh. I'm sorry.
Happy birthday. (chuckles)
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Oh God. and I came here
today with all this bullshit.
I'm sorry.
- No. no. no. it's cool.
it's cool.
You're gonna make it up to me.
- I want you and
Brandon. you know.
come by and have
dinner with us tonight.
- Okay.
(upbeat music)
- That is something.
- That was what?
Beautiful. amazing. tantalizing?
- You're feeling yourself up.
- Well. that was filling you
which you already
know it is good.
- No. but it's sexy.
Being with you is
everything I wanted.
Everything I needed.
Who would have thought
that when we met
a few weeks ago at the park.
(Brandon chuckles)
that we would be here.
I know.
- You know what?
I did.
- Okay.
- When I first saw you.
I knew we belong together.
Listen. nothing or nobody
in this world can change
the way I feel about you. Lexi.
I love you.
- I love you too.
and I wanna spend the
rest of my life with you.
- Words from your beautiful
lips to God's glorious ears.
- Well. so my problem.
Maurice and Alisha.
- That's my brother.
- And that's my best friend.
- Well. let's not even worry
about them right now. okay?
Let's just focus on being
in the moment right
here right now.
because this...
this is paradise.
(phone rings)
- Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'll be home
in a few minutes.
Yeah. see you then.
Okay.
Love you too.
Bye.
- So much of paradise.
- Yeah. paradise.
Hey. I want to do
something for you. for us.
- We both know that what I want.
we can't have right now.
- But what if I told you I
already started the process?
- Brandon. what are you up to?
- Okay. so I started an off
shore account in your name.
- Brandon. look. I want
you not your money.
- Oh. I know. I know.
and I want you too.
Let's just say that
it's a symbol for
how much I wanna be with you.
How much I wanna
take care of you.
and how much I love you.
- You really love me?
- With all my heart.
- I love you too.
(suspenseful music)
Hey babe.
- Hey. what's up wifey?
- Hi.
How's your day?
- It's been good.
Actually I got some
things situated for us.
- Good.
- Yeah.
Where have you been?
Just out running some positives.
- Oh. I invited Brandon and
Alicia over for dinner tonight.
Is that all right?
- Hey. whatever the
birthday boy wants.
the birthday boy gets.
- Oh. I'm the birthday man.
Birthday man.
(both chuckling)
- I got it baby. birthday man.
I'm gonna go see
my shower. okay?
- All right. cool.
Damn. I shoulda
waited for you to go.
- I got you next
time. birthday man.
- All right. I'll
hold you to that.
(Lexi chuckles)
I love you.
- Love you too.
(suspenseful music)
- Brandon. we need to talk.
- Yeah. you're right.
I need to tell you something.
(suspenseful music)
(doorbell dings)
- [Maurice] I got it.
- Okay. I'm coming.
(suspenseful music continues)
- Feeling chilly?
I'm gonna warm you baby.
- Dawg. yo ate already?
Y'all hungry?
- Damn. we hungry.
- Hey guys.
- Lexi.
- Hello. Lexi.
- What is that on your finger?
- Oh. that is just
my engagement ring.
my man got me before
we left the house.
You know. Brandon
asked me to marry him.
- Seriously?
- Yeah bro. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to steal
your thunder on your day.
- Oh. no bro. I ain't trippin'.
What better way to
celebrate my birthday
than celebrating love.
Bringing two people
together in Holy matrimony.
- Yeah. when love hits.
you just gotta go with it.
This is great. right?
- Yeah. it's awesome.
I'm gonna go check on dinner.
- Let me see that rock.
Oh wait.
Yo. this shit is dope.
- And you're right my
man was just saying.
- Yeah. yeah. he did his thing.
- Hey. I'm gonna
go and help Lexi.
- Okay baby.
- Congrats. bro.
- Yeah. bro.
I appreciate it. man.
Hey look. how does it
feel to be a year older?
- Man honestly. I don't
feel no different.
- Really?
You sure as hell.
- What?
- Is that a gray hair.
I see gray hair.
- Shut the hell up. man.
(both laughing)
- Oh. does someone have
a drinking problem.
that no one knows about?
- Girl. it's been a long day.
You know what else you
didn't really congratulate us
on our engagement.
- What?
I thought I did. Girl.
let me see that ring.
- You know what?
Just stop Lexi or Jennifer.
whoever the hell you
wanna be this week.
- Excuse me.
- Look. I'm already onto you.
and I know about you cheating
on Maurice in the past.
And for some reason he
was blinded by love.
and took your trifling ass back.
- Okay. now you're
out of line talking
about stuff you don't even know.
- Oh. I know plenty. trust me.
I understand that you're a
two faced backstabbing bitch
who will do anything.
including my man to
get what you want.
- What you need to do
is leave Brandon alone?
- Or what. what?
'Cause you want him?
'Cause you're in love with him?
(chuckles) Oh. I betcha
I wanna beat your ass.
but yeah. I'm too cute for that.
So how about this?
I won't blow up your spot
as long as you understand
that whatever you had
with Brandon it's over.
because he chose me and
there's nothing you can do
to change that.
- Hmm.
- Are we clear?
- Crystal bestie?
- Good.
You know. we should probably
get back to the men.
and don't forget who
your ass belong to.
(suspense music)
(Lexi sighs)
- That shit right
there. delicious.
- Yeah. my baby definitely
know what she doing. aint she?
- Anything for the birthday boy.
I mean the birthday man.
- Yeah.
- The birthday man. (chuckles)
- No. but man. I'm
just extremely happy
to be sharing this day with
the people I love with most.
To my wife.
I love you with all my heart.
I couldn't imagine spending
this day without you.
And to my amazing brother.
so glad you're in my
life. bro. for real.
and to your now fiance.
welcome to the family sis.
- (chuckles) I
appreciate it. bro.
- Yeah. today's indeed a
special day with Alicia.
I found a love of my
life and my brother.
- Hey. now quit trying
to change history.
I found you.
- Yeah. yeah. okay. whatever.
But look. I know it
was really unfortunate
that we weren't able to
not grow up together.
but I'm glad that we'll
be able to spend the rest
of our lives making
up for lost time.
To family.
- [All] To family.
(phone vibrates)
- I gotta take this.
- So y'all set a date yet.
- Answer the question. babe.
- I don't know.
we just got engaged
(Alicia laughs)
- I'm jealous of you. bro.
Now we're messing.
- Are you in position?
Okay. great.
I'll be in touch.
- Is everything all right?
- Why do you care?
Look. I'm just taking
care of a little business.
- I see.
- What's that?
You know what? I'm just
gonna handle my business.
- Not until we talk.
- Okay. talk.
Okay. look. you know I love you.
- Then why are you marrying her?
- The same reason that you're
still married to my brother.
Listen. I offered to
break things off with her.
but you're like.
"Nah. don't do that."
- I know. but...
Brandon. this is hard.
- This is hard
for me too. right.
My body aches for you.
I crave for you.
I love you.
- Then leave her.
- Then leave him.
- I can't right now.
- Yeah. I know.
- Hey.
- Hey. you good?
- More than good.
- That's what's up.
See. you got nothing
to worry about.
- Yeah. let's hope
it stays that way.
- Here. this is what
we talked about.
- Brandon?
- To give you access to
everything that you need.
- Hey. Brandon.
You're ready?
- Yeah. I was just
saying tonight.
- Good night. Brandon.
Good night. bestie.
- Good-bye Lexi.
(suspenseful music)
- What you doing?
- Just making sure everything
straight for tomorrow.
- Hmm. okay.
Did you have a good birthday?
- I did.
Thank you.
- You're welcome. baby.
(phone vibrates)
- You're not going out tonight?
- No.
No. not tonight.
It's your birthday baby.
- We stay in this
together. right?
- Always.
I love you.
- I love you too.
(violin music)
(Brandon scoffs)
- [Lexi] Hey this is Lexi.
you know what to do.
(phone beeps)
- Lexi. you're not answering
my text or anything.
Listen. I need to talk to you.
I need to see you.
I need to hold you.
I need to make love to you.
Call me back.
(stone thuds)
(suspenseful music)
(phone vibrates)
(tense music)
(bell dings)
- Brandon?
I can't wait for my surprise.
(gun thuds)
- Surprise. bitch.
(suspenseful music)
Wake up. bestie.
What's wrong?
This is not the surprise
you were looking for?
- Help!
Help!
- I'd stop screaming.
'cause nobody can
hear your ass anyway.
You know what?
This is nice.
because you see. I
actually get to talk.
and you have to sit
here and listen to me.
Do you know how
much I trusted you?
I thought you were my friend.
I thought you were my family.
and you're behind my back
and you're fucking my man.
And you know. the whole time
I thought I was going crazy.
because there is no way you
two would do that to me.
because Brandon. he loves me.
that I could trust him.
and you you were my friend.
and you would never do
something like that to me.
I Guess it's a good thing
I listen to my paranoia.
(suspenseful music)
You know. it's bitches like you
that make women like me have
to do crazy shit like this.
Oh what. what are we?
Are you looking for Brandon?
You know this isn't going
to end well for you.
and it sure as hell isn't
gonna end well for him.
Bring the man.
- Sit your ass down.
- Oh yeah. Maurice is here.
Well. you know. I couldn't
leave him in the dark
in this make believe
world like I was.
so I thought. you know. I
would tell him what's going on.
Moreso show him.
- You played a good game.
but I play even better.
I can't believe
you did this to me.
You betrayed me like this
with my own fucking brother.
You back stabbing bitch.
(Lexi screams)
(Lexi sobs)
- You know. it's a shame
the people who claim
to love you the most.
hurt you the worst.
You know. since you two
wanna be together forever.
how about we join you two
in holy matrimony. you know.
make this like a private
wedding celebration.
- You know what?
I like that idea.
Might as well as love birds be
together in holly matrimony.
To have and to hold.
Now the other bullshit.
What is it they say?
Until death do us apart. right?
- Mm. you're right. poor friend.
- We're gonna start. shall we?
Brandon. do you take Lexi to
be your lawfully wedded wife.
to have and to hold.
for richer or for poorer.
through sickness
and through health.
until death do you apart?
Answer the fucking question.
Answer the question.
Say it again.
(suspenseful music)
(Lexi screams)
(gun fires)
(Lexi weeps)
Why are you crying?
Your turn.
(Lexi sobs)
- Do you Lexi
bitch take Brandon.
to have and to hold.
for richer or for poorer.
in sickness and in health.
(gun cocks)
Until death do me part?
(suspenseful music)
(gun fires)
(Lexi sighs)
(suspenseful music)
- Are you okay. baby?
- Your ass was way too
much with that slap.
- But I had to make
it look believable.
she should think
I was on her side.
- Don't do that shit no more.
- Look. we got the
same branded guns.
so the police gonna think
she killed. Brandon.
and then killed herself.
- The perfect move to suicide.
- Exactly.
You got what we need?
- Yeah.
This is the flash drive
with that offshore account
that Brandon set up for me.
Not knowing that it
gave me access to all
of his banking accounts.
- Perfect.
- and his cash account.
- As soon as work with that one.
and we'll done here.
- Okay.
- You got our next victim ready?
- Oh yeah.
Right here.
Willis Hankerson. single.
black. wealthy. dead parents
no aunts. no uncles.
Don't know if he's
got any brothers.
Practically alone.
- He sounds perfect.
So just like last time?
- Yeah.
- You look like
you could use this.
- You just so happened
to bump into him.
You grab something.
with a sample of his DNA.
You seduce him.
And then we engineer
our DNA test
to show that we are
long lost brothers.
Speaking of. is our lab
tech taken care of yet?
- Oh yeah.
(suspenseful music)
After I gave her her cut.
she destroyed all the evidence.
and she's already in the
next location waiting
for us to call.
Are you in position?
- Yep. I already have access
to the lab.
I'll see you when you get here.
- Okay. great.
I'll be in touch.
- Okay. in a few more weeks.
We'll be sitting pretty
than we already are.
- Hmm. I just hope next time
there's not any
innocent lives taken.
I don't like hearing gunshots.
- Yeah. me too.
Tragedy of war.
- Yeah. you know I
tried to warn her.
I thought after I told
her about our infidelity.
that she would stay away.
and end the relationship.
but no. she just
had to have Brandon.
That was stubborn bitch.
- Oh whatever.
On to the next one.
- Right. (chuckles)
(suspenseful music)
- Hello. Willis Hankerson.
Hi. my name is Keith Hankerson.
and I believe I'm your brother.
(guitar music)
* Never doubt a nigga who'd
been down in the gun *
* That dude will do anything
to get him some money *
* That even means going
to rub his own brother *
* could have just asked
* Maybe he would have fund him
* Can't let that pride go
like it's a blue honey *
* Thought that main goal was
to come up from nothing *
* She had the same clothes
* Nigga used to be nasty *
Used to fuck the same whores *
* Niggas using no rubbers
* Walking in your house and
calling your mama. mother *
* Why are you on your mouth
* Why are you talk
under covers *
* Guess you went beyond
* Nigga you went undercover
* Now I gotta let it fly *
* Like I was girl was a dove
* Ain't no love you show *
* Nigga you just a dove *
When they get it out the mud *
* Really get to some fun
* Top suit I got housekeeper
* And I'm having fun
* You see the dumbest nigga
look what you've done *
* I never doubt you
* I got you in when
they outed you *
* Just take my
place if I was you *
* We're paper chasing
on the same ride too *
* Get a lead we were
supposed to split even *
* But even when you got
it * You were greedy *
* Then took a piece of
mine I can't see it *
* Nigga tell me what
was your reason *
* Never doubt a nigga who'd
been done with a gun *
* They'd do anything
to get him so money *
* That even means going
to rob his own brother *
* Could've just asked maybe
he would have fund him *
* Can't let that pride
go like it's blue honey *
* Thought that main goal was
to come up from nothing *
* She had the same cloths
* Nigga used to be nasty
* Used too fuck the same whores
* Nigga using no rubber *
* I said my heart
turned colder *
* That guy keep cold shoulder
* See he had a put it *
* Acting like I don't know him
* Put my trust in my bank roll
* 'Cause it won't follow
* I still remember the days we
used rock the same clothes *
* Rocking plane clothes
* Gave the plug
but you wanna peg *
* How you was in my
spot now laying low *
* What happened to my chico
* What happened to the chico
* How you talk down
homie to me freak oh *
* Though what's up
* But you I won't peek
* Could've put up
with the shit *
* To your front door
* But I swear to you
* Can't lost still got
a lot of care for you *
* You was always supposed
to be right here *
* I still don't understand
why you wasn't there for me *
* Crocodile tears for
other people one love *
* Before they're cutting
down two of 'em *
* I only depend on myself
* Why not you
* Rub on my motherfucking self
(upbeat music)
(electric zapping)